Multiple deploy keys (#501)
github/docs: content/developers/overview/managing-deploy-keys.md

7. Select **Allow write access** if you want this key to have write access to the repository. A deploy key with write access lets a deployment push to the repository.
8. Click **Add key**.

##### Using multiple repositories on one server

If you use multiple repositories on one server, you will need to generate a dedicated key pair for each one. You can't reuse a deploy key for multiple repositories.

In the server's SSH configuration file (usually `~/.ssh/config`), add an alias entry for each repository. For example:

```bash
Host github.com-repo-0
        Hostname github.com
        IdentityFile=/home/user/.ssh/repo-0_deploy_key

Host github.com-repo-1
        Hostname github.com
        IdentityFile=/home/user/.ssh/repo-1_deploy_key
```

* `Host github.com-repo-0` - The repository's alias.

> * `Hostname github.com` - Configures the alias to use the {% data variables.product.product_name %} server.

Reviewer: For the GHES version of this page, this renders as:

> Configures the alias to use the GitHub Enterprise Server server.

We'll probably need to condition this sentence for each version to it reads a little better.

Reviewer 2: Good catch! Rephrased this line for wider compatibility.

* `IdentityFile=/home/user/.ssh/repo-0_deploy_key` - Assigns a private key to the alias.

> With these entries added, you can then use the alias to clone a repository, and the unique deploy key is automatically presented. For example:

Reviewer: I think we should specifically call out that the host name needs to be replaced with the alias, and the alias is bound to the repo

```suggestion
With these entries added, you can then use the alias of the hostname to interact with the repository using SSH, so the unique deploy key for that alias used. For example:
```

```bash

> $ git clone git@github.com-repo-1:github-user/repo-1.git

Reviewer: Nit to replace `github-user` with `owner`

```suggestion
$ git clone git@github.com-repo-1:OWNER/repo-1.git
```

> ```

Reviewer: @martin389 Because this article can also apply to GHES, could we condition all mentions of `github.com` depending on the page version?

e.g. for free-pro-team: `github.com`
enterprise-server/ae: `my-GHE-server.com` (or something 🙃)

Reviewer 2: I've now rephrased the explanation of the `Hostname` entry to just refer to the hostname that the user wants to alias, which should clarify that this is a configurable setting that can also accept a GHES hostname 🤔

Reviewer: @martin389 yep, that description is great generic description for that, but I think we should have something else instead of `github.com` in the examples for GHES-versioned pages.

You should be able to replace all the examples with something like:

`{% if currentVersion == "free-pro-team@latest" %}github.com{% else %}my-GHE-hostname.com{% endif %}`

Reviewer 2: Added this is now, thanks @lucascosti!
